gotcha gotcha gotcha gotcha what is
shakin internet this is salts bring
newly how to tank for dummies sha of
fear LF our guide the Shah of fear is
the last boss in the terrace of endless
spring making him the final boss of tier
14 rating there is absolutely no trash
before the shop so here's what's going
to happen I'm going to explain about the
mechanics of this boss fight eventually
but first I'm going to go ahead and talk
strategy step 1 locate your keyboard
step to locate your face you might need
a mirror for this step 3 roll your face
repeatedly on the keyboard
congratulations seriously though this
fight is a complete joke and Ella farm
let's give a rundown of the bosses
ability first sha isn't really taunt
about or a tank a moment as he will
focus on whoever is the pillar of light
the person standing on the big circle in
the middle of the arena will actually
become the pillar of light basically
this just means that the boss is
focusing you and you get some damage
reduction to boot main tank should run
into the circle as soon as the fight
starts or really he should run into the
serval to start the fight after a second
or so the off tank should run in there
and taunt the first big move is breath
of fear this move should literally do
nothing to the tanks as standing in the
circle of light or the big cone behind
the circle of light towards the front of
the platform that nullifies the attack
that makes this breadth of here do
absolutely nothing to you the only way
to actually get hit by this attack is to
stand off to the side outside of the
circle or outside of the cone behind you
which you shouldn't ever really be doing
it does a huge amount of damage and
fears you for a few seconds the next big
move is ominous cackle this is a kind of
silly move that basically takes five
people from the raid over to the side of
the platform off to the side spawning a
new ad for you to kill this move will
always take one tank one healer and
three dps which means that it will turn
you into a little five man group killing
up a little mini boss this shouldn't be
hard as these guys really don't do too
much but there are a few things to point
out the mini-boss creates bubbles on the
platform he's hanging out on and these
bubbles do good things for you I believe
they actually refresh your resource be
at rage mana energy whatever and may or
may not give you a DPS and healing
increase I can't really be sure
regardless they're good and all you have
to do is run through them to pick them
up still the tank really shouldn't need
to do this anyway also he will do I
think a move called deadly spray which
shoots out a volley of arrows and random
directions it's actually not random
there is a pattern to this deadly spray
I don't know the pattern go off on the
internet and find the pattern there is
guides out there I would recommend icy
veins they have a nice little graph the
pattern of deadly spray so you can avoid
it but you don't have to do that in LFR
anyway one last thing about fighting
this mini boss when he dies you actually
need to click on him to be sent back to
the main platform once you get sent back
you will get a buff called fearless for
30 seconds what this does is increase
your damage your healing and your
movement speed by like sixty percent as
well as make you completely immune to
breath of fear regardless of where
you're standing so you can stand off to
the side this is nice to deal with the
ads which we'll talk about in a moment
the mini-boss thing occurs about every
90 seconds or so the only reason this
matters is that you have to actually
clear the mini-boss and be back in the
circle of light okay where the tanks are
supposed to stand all the time within 90
seconds otherwise the boss will cast
cackle again and take the other tank
away if no tanks are standing in the
circle of light then the big V cone of
light disappears meaning everyone's
going to hit get hit by a breath of fear
and your rate is going to wipe be sure
to be back in the circle by the time the
boss is casting cackle again so that you
can take place of the other tank now the
boss will also periodically spawn ads in
the area that isn't protected by the
light these ads will bombard your raid
doing a decent chunk of damage however
they can't be hurt at all from the front
so the only way to actually kill them is
to run out of the safety of the light
and attack them from behind this means
absolutely nothing to you of the tank
except that when you come back from a
cackle egg
a you just killed the mini boss and
you're back on the main platform and you
have the fearless debuff our fields buff
since the other tank is tanking the boss
anyway you might as well do some damage
to the ads and this covers the fight
pretty much entirely save for one last
mechanic thrash thrash is the last move
that the boss will do and it's actually
very predictable and only for the tanks
really every fourth attack every fourth
melee attack the boss does the boss will
actually hit three times instead of just
once this means a huge damage spike
every eight seconds or so somewhere
online around that this is just for you
to be aware so try to keep your active
mitigation skills like savage defense or
shield of righteousness or whatever else
you use up every time and every time the
thrash rolls around you want to use that
make sure that you have you know because
he's actually going to be doing three
melee hits on you so you want to use
your active mitigation to avoid those
three minute mail it hits dodge them
Perry them do whatever you can this is
the only big damage you'll actually be
receiving throughout the entire fight
let go ahead and use your big cooldowns
if you if you're in any real danger if
you're actually half health and the
thrash is about to hit then you want to
go okay well i'm gonna pop buckle down
and that's the fight so let's get down
to the basic strategy stand in circle of
light hit boss in face prophet as you
get pulled to the side hit mini-boss in
face instead this is an extremely easy
fight the only thing you potentially
have to watch out for is thrash just
make sure that you're using your active
mitigation skills and if you aren't go
check out my basic tank guides if you're
a warrior or DK then look elsewhere
because I don't like you guys no
seriously I just don't have any warrior
DK characters for those of you
progressing on normal if you're here
then you're going to understand the
meaning of pain thrash will eat your
lunch and there's nothing you can do
about it because it's like the
playground bully except he paid off all
the teachers to look the other way the
big difference is that you aren't
allowed to have anyone be bad and get by
breath of fear or they're pretty much
dead because they're pretty much one
shot
additionally you're going to have to
watch out for the minibosses death Lotus
move they actually do this in LFR and I
didn't cover it but most of the time
they die before they get to it and way
in hella far so I didn't really cover it
but you will have to actually line up
site it and hide behind pillars tanks
but even the strategy for takes is the
same because you have to keep tanking
the boss and grabbing the little spheres
that are hanging around yes so it's just
a simple matter of execution and tanks
for once have it really easy on this
fight ok well I hope you enjoyed this
guide for dummies obviously this is the
last boss in tier 14 so I hope you
enjoyed the entire series of my Olaf our
series my guide currently is over
halfway art my guild sorry my guild
currently is half way through the
content and progressing slowly through
heart of fear on normal so up next will
be normal guides for any bosses with
significant differences between LFR and
normal but i'll be skipping some that
are completely boring once we move on to
heroic content I'll be putting those
guides out as well even if it does take
a long time from now if it's several
months down the road whatever damage I
also expect a UI video to come out soon
detailing how to use lvu I which is my
UI of choice I'm sure there's plenty
other videos out there but there has
been enough questions and suggestions to
let me put my own guide up if nothing
but for convenience's sake didn't say
hey go to this guy there you go done if
you have any suggestions please let me
know for the channel as always please
like favorite subscribe and all that
jazz and as always you keep it super sub
C internet not nor mine gold